These are the top ten stupidly expensive things Michael Jordan owns. And for number ten, what if I told you Jordan has a stupidly expensive addiction, thus costing them hundreds of thousands of dollars? See, there's one thing Jordan loves a little too much cigars. In fact, during a 2017 interview with cigar aficionado, jordan admitted that by 1993, smoking cigars have become a pregame ritual. And after retiring from the NBA, the man took his addiction to a whole new level. Because these days, he ain't just smoking one or two cigars a day. I smoked six cigars a day. Maybe. And according to Jordan, his favorite smoke is called partyus Lusitanus, which are worth anywhere from fourteen dollars to twenty four dollars per cigar. So if we assume he's been smoking six of these a day since retiring from the NBA, that means Jordan has spent between 550,000 and $940,000 on a cigar addiction alone. And that's a lot of money to just burn away. But Jordan dropped even more on number nine, one of the most expensive car collections in NBA history. And it all began in 1984, when NASA rookie Jordan Cocktails very first sports car, a 1984 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray. And after taking this thing for a spin, jordan developed a need for speed. So he went on a sports car shopping spree, buying three more Corvettes, three brand new Porsches, and five different Ferraris. Ridiculous. But believe it or not, there's one more whip in Jordan's garage that's worth more than every car in his entire collection. His ultra rare 2010 Bugatti Veyron Singh Noir with 1000 torque and a top speed of 252 mph, this thing is basically one of a kind. I mean, there's only twelve of these sanctuaries in existence, making it worth $2.2 million. And when you add it to the other 23 cars in his garage, jordan's entire collection is worth over $5.7 million. But let's be honest, man, five mil is chump changed to a billionaire like Jordan. So let's talk about what he spends tens of millions on. Number eight a golf course is so valuable, poor people aren't even allowed inside. Yeah, see, back in 2019, Jordan was so tired of golfing with regular people that he figured, why not make his own country club? So he went out and bought 226 acres of land in Florida and designed the most stupidly expensive country club in America, grove 23. And this place features a clubhouse equipped with lounge areas, dining facilities, a drone delivery service that literally brings drinks to people. I mean, the course even has personal cigar rollers on location. Yeah, someone rolls cigars for you while you golf. But if this sounds like a place you'd want to golf at, don't get your hopes up, man, because Grove 23 is invite only, per Michael Jordan's orders, and only the richest, most famous people in the world are allowed to golf. Here, I'll talk to celebrities like Barack Obama, who is one of only 80 people to have a Grove 23 membership. And owning this country club is not cheap, because the value of Jordan's exclusive golf course comes out to $15 million. Damn. At this point, it's pretty clear Jordan likes spending big on himself. But don't get it twisted. Jordan spends even bigger on his community, because what he owns at number seven is literally saving people's lives. See, back in 2019, Jordan was looking for a way to give back to his hometown of Charlotte, North Carolina. And when he learned that thousands of families were struggling to afford health care, he decided to build two separate Michael Jordan family medical clinics. Facilities that are equipped with exam rooms, xrays, and a physical therapy space all designed to provide health care for low income families. And these two clinics ended up costing Michael Jordan $3.5 million each. But as if this wasn't already generous enough, jordan topped it just two years later, when in 2021, university was spending another $10 million to build two more medical facilities in Charlotte, bringing the total amount Jordan owns in health clinics to $17 million. Yeah, this man is out here dropping rocks on hospitals. So inspirational. But look, man, his purchases are only going to get crazier from here, because what Jordan bought in number six made sports history. And I'm not talking about basketball. See, when he was a kid, it was another sport that Jordan loved watching NASCAR. In fact, Jordan loved the sport so much that in 2020, he decided to take his fandom to a whole new level, teaming up with racing legend Denny Hamlin to create his very own NASCAR team 20 311 racing. And this one purchase was a huge deal for Jordan because it made him the first black NASCAR owner in nearly 50 years. But as great as this achievement was, things got even better for Jordan a year later, when in 2021, during his team's first ever NASCAR Cup series, 2000 and 311 managed to take home first place in the Yellow Wood 500. And with the team this successful, the total value of 2000 and 311 racing comes out to over $25 million. Damn. A NASCAR team, four clinics, a golf course. Clearly, Jordan has got a lot of business to attend to. And that's exactly why he went out and spent even more money on number five his very own custom Gulf Stream G 550 private jet. This thing is crazy. It can hold up to 16 passengers, has three living areas, two bathrooms, it's own Internet provider. And to top it all off, a few years after buying the jet, jordan dropped over $350,000 on a custom elephant print paint job, bringing the total value of his G $550 to $61,850,000. I swear, this man Jordan knows how to spend his money. At least that's what I thought. Because what he bought at number four will go down as the dumbest purchase in NBA history. See, back in 1991, Jordan decided to use some of his MBA money to build himself a mansion outside of Chicago. But he didn't build no ordinary mansion. No, Jordan built a 560 square foot mega mansion as a shrine for himself. I'm talking a handcrafted iron gate with the number 23 on it, custom cigar and poker room, an Air Jordan home theater. I mean, the man even built an NBA sized basketball court with the Air Jordan logo on it. And when you add up all of Jordan's customizations, this entire Chicago mansion is worth $29 million. Now, a house worth 29 million sounds like a nice property to own. But putting that much money into a single home ended up being a huge mistake. By 2012, Jordan decided to put the property up for sale. And it turns out only Michael Jordan would want a $29 million mansion dedicated to Michael Jordan. So despite lowering the price multiple times over the course of nine years, jordan was never able to sell the property, dropping his value from 29 million all the way down to 4.7 million. So, in 2021, he was left with no choice but to take the mansion off the market and keep it damn money. Mistakes are tough, man. If only Jordan knew about the sponsor of this video, Current, he could have been $500 richer. Yeah, that's right. Current is the future of online banking. They're faster, easier, and better than regular banks and currents, giving away $500 to ten of you guys. All you got to do is sign up with the link in the description. It's that easy. So what are you doing? Sign up. Now, even though Jordan is stuck with a mansion that he doesn't want, I think he'll be okay, because he also owns four more mega mansions one in Utah, one in Florida, and two in North Carolina, bringing the total amount of money Jordan has spent on mansions to $63.1 million. As crazy as that number sounds, we're entering the top three. So things are going to get even more stupidly expensive, because we got to talk about Jordan's ultimate flex his 80 foot convertible Viking fishing boat called the Catch 23. That Jordan spent over $8 million on eight mil for a damn fishing boat. And he didn't stop there because Jordan decided to copper yacht that makes the Catch 23 look like a paddle boat. A 230 foot Fed ship super yacht called Joy, featuring five decks, seven cabins, a private office, a fully equipped gym, basketball court. I mean, this yacht even comes with its own rescue boat and three speed boats. Yeah, the boat has boats. And the total cost of this colossal yacht comes out to a whopping $80 million, making Jordan's entire fleet worth 88 million. That's an insane way to flex on people. But look, man, Jordan deserves it, especially after what he did at number two, because the amount of money Jordan donated to charity is literally more money than what he made in the MBA. Yeah. See, Jordan's first major donation came in 1993, when, after the tragic passing of his father, jordan decided to honor him by dropping $2 million to open the James R. Jordan Boys and Girls Club of Chicago. And this was only the beginning of Jordan's charity work, because over the next 28 years, he went on to donate even more money. 2 million to Hurricane Florence rescue efforts. 5 million to the Make A Wish Foundation, 8.9 million to underprivileged kids in Chicago. I mean, Jordan has been handing out bags left and right. But his biggest donation came in 2020, when Jordan announced that he was personally donating $50 million to fight racial inequality. And when you add up all the donations Jordan's made over the years, he's donated over $100 million to charity. 100 million. That is literally 6.3 million more than what he made in the MBA. Jesus, this man is a hero. And look, $100 million is a ludicrous amount of money. But believe it or not, there's one final thing that Jordan owns that's worth even more something so valuable, it literally turned him into a billionaire. See, back in 2010, jordan was looking for a way to take his 500 million dollar net worth to another level. I'm talking billionaire status. So, figuring he had to spend money to make money, jordan made the biggest purchase of his entire life, buying his hometown NBA team, the Charlotte Hornets, for $175,000,000. Now. 175,000,000 is a pretty hefty investment. But it ended up paying off big time for Jordan. Because over the next decade. The NBA's popularity exploded. Making the value of teams across the league skyrocket to the point where. By 2021. Jordan's Hornets became his most prized possession. With the entire franchise being worth an incredible $1.5 billion. Officially turning Jordan into a billionaire and easily making it the most stupidly expensive thing he owns. But, you know, it's not stupidly expensive at all. This video right here, these are the times LeBron James humiliated his opponents. And guess what the video is free dog. So, what are you doing? Click it.